# Mindy

## Description

Mindy is a project aimed at leveraging the power of generative AI to aid in the social education of autistic individuals. The project considers specific information about the autistic person (age, autism spectrum level, comorbidities, etc.) to generate personalized learning in areas often challenging for autistic individuals, such as verbal, non-verbal, and social skills, organization, and interest in tasks.

The application creates chapters, lessons, and interactive games tailored to each individual's needs using image-generating AIs like Stability and a core AI called Gemini. The entire process is controlled, managed, and generated by the AI to provide a program that suits each user, taking into account their specificities.

## Prerequisites

- Node.js v18
- Expo CLI v6.3

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:

   ```bash
   git clone <repository_URL>
    ```
2. Install dependencies:


   ```bash
   npm install
   ```
3. Configuration
   Ensure that the addresses and ports used by the application are allowed, or temporarily disable your firewall with:

    ```bash
    sudo systemctl stop firewalld
    ```
Start the Mindy backend API:

```bash
    cd path/to/mindyback
```
run the mindyback projet

Add the address where the backend is running to the application's configuration file. located at :

./config.js

Starting
After starting the backend API and configuring, start the application with:

```bash
npx expo start
```
Usage

Connect using Expo Go or use the APK available from the stores.

Open the application via Expo Go or the APK.
Follow the on-screen instructions to access chapters, lessons, and interactive games.

Deployment

Use npx expo start to run the application in development.
Connect using Expo Go or install the APK available from the stores.



Other Information
For more information on the backend, please refer to the documentation for the Mindy Back End project.


