# Mindy : When AI Teaches Humanity

# Back End

## Description

**Mindy Back End** is the backend for the Mindy application, which aims to leverage the power of generative AI to aid in
the social education of autistic individuals. The project considers specific information about the autistic person (age,
autism spectrum level, comorbidities, etc.) to generate personalized learning in areas often challenging for autistic
individuals, such as verbal, non-verbal, and social skills, organization, and interest in tasks.

The application creates chapters, lessons, and interactive games tailored to each individual's needs using
image-generating AIs like Stability and a core AI called Gemini. The entire process is controlled, managed, and
generated by the AI to provide a program that suits each user, taking into account their specificities.

## Installation

### Prerequisites

  - JDK 21
  - Maven v8
  - MariaDB installed locally
  - Lombok enabled in your IDE
  - gCloud installed and configured locally
  - A Vertex AI account linked to the gCloud account

### Configuration

To test this project, follow the steps below to configure your environment.

#### 1. Clone the Repository

Start by cloning the repository to your local machine:

  ```bash
      git clone https://github.com/your-repository/mindy-backend.git
      cd mindy-backend
  ```

#### 2. configure Google Cloud Credentials

This project uses Vertex AI from Google Cloud. To allow the application to connect to Google Cloud, you need to
configure the credentials.

Set the GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS Environment Variable
Ensure your system can access the credentials by setting the GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS environment variable:

  ```bash
    export GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS="/path/to/credentials.json"
  ```

Replace "/path/to/credentials.json" with the full path to the downloaded JSON file located in
/src/main/java/com/enspd/mindyback/config/credentials/mindy-432210-1f0884524825.json.

#### 3. Configure the MariaDB Database

Edit the `application.properties` file located in `/src/main/resources` by entering your MariaDB database
information:

  ```properties
  spring.datasource.username=yourMariadbUserName
spring.datasource.password=yourPassword
  ```

Replace yourMariadbUserName, and yourPassword with the appropriate values for your
MariaDB configuration.

#### 4. Build and Run the Project

Once the credentials and database are configured, you can build and run the project:

With Maven:

  ```bash
      mvn clean install
      mvn spring-boot:run
  ```

### Dependencies

All necessary dependencies are listed in the `pom.xml` file, including:

- Spring Boot
    - Langchain4j
    - JSON Web Token
    - langchain4j-vertex-ai-gemini
    - mariadb
    - lombok
    - ...

## Project Structure

The project is structured following the **Open-Closed Principle** (OCP). Here are the main packages:

- **config**: Contains the application configuration, including Spring Security, OAuth2, SpringDoc, and Langchain4j.
    - **models**: Represents the database objects and their relationships (using Spring JPA).
    - **repository**: Contains the interfaces that facilitate communication with the database.
    - **services**: Contains the interfaces and implementations of the application's services (user creation, lessons,
      chapters, games, etc.).
    - **dto**: Represents data transfer objects, using Java `record` to ensure the accuracy of the information.
    - **exception**: Contains custom exceptions and error codes.
    - **handler**: Manages certain errors and acts accordingly.

## Key Features

- **Creation of personalized chapters and lessons**: The AI generates content tailored to the specific needs of each
  autistic individual.
    - **Creation of educational games**: Using two main AIs:
        - **Stability**: Generates images for games requiring visuals.
        - **Gemini**: Handles other tasks, replacing professionals in the autism field to offer personalized programs.
    - **Chatbot**: Answers questions from the client or their entourage about autism-related topics.

### Example Feature

The application can, for example, propose a lesson on helping others in a school setting for a game on social skills.
Suppose the AI wants to teach an autistic child how to react in a situation where a classmate has no snack at the
cafeteria. It could use Stability to generate an image of a child alone at a table, then generate a question like:

*“You are in your school cafeteria, having a meal, and you notice a classmate who is hungry but has no snack. What would
you do?”*

The user might respond: *“I turn my head and continue eating.”*

The AI would analyze this response and first provide feedback:
*“Indeed, you could continue, but it wouldn’t be very friendly of you. People appreciate those who offer help.”*

Then, the AI would provide the correct response:
*“You sit at their table and ask if they want to share your meal.”*

Depending on the client's parameters (age, autism level, etc.), other lessons might be suggested. For example, a
21-year-old adult might receive a chapter on sexual awareness, while an 11-year-old child would not.

In addition to chapters, lessons, and various games, the application includes a chatbot that answers questions from the
client or their entourage on autism-related topics.

## Usage

You can use the application by running it along with the front-end application developed in React Native.
For anoverview of the API, run the application and
access [http://localhost:8080/swagger-ui/index.html](http://localhost:8080/swagger-ui/index.html) or use tools like
Postman.

## Tests

There are currently no unit or integration tests available for this project.

## Contribution

To contribute to the project, please contact me at [lnhm87404@gmail.com](mailto:lnhm87404@gmail.com). You are welcome!

**Internship Request**: I would like to take this opportunity to request an internship. You can view my portfolio and
resume at [http://hermannlontsi.rf.gd](http://hermannlontsi.rf.gd).

## License

This project is under a proprietary license.

## Authors

- **Lontsi Hermann** (Project Manager and Spring Developer)
-**Tiam Rietsh** (React JS/Native Developer)
- **Tadie Aymeric** (UI/UX Designer)
